changelog-0.65.0 (#3371)
treeverse/lakeFS: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.65.0 - 2022-05-16

What's new:
- API expansion to support Import from UI (#3233)

> - Airflow hook wait for DAG completion (#3231)

Reviewer: I think this is the wrong PR ID?

Author: Right. Thanks for noticing :)
Fixed

- Friendlier post-setup page (#3318)
- Show skipped hooks for failed action run (#3359)
- Import from UI (#3352) 

> - Additional documentation for user management (#3320)

Reviewer 2: Documentation changes should not be included in the changelog as they have different release cadence.

Author: :+1: 
Does the `include-changelog` a mistake, or should I be aware of that and exclude manually?

Reviewer: It's a mistake

> - Additional documentation for user management (#3320)

Reviewer: Note: documentation changes are not part of the release - they are published immediately when merged to main

Author: :+1:

> - API expansion to support Import from UI (#3233)
> - Airflow hook wait for DAG completion (#3231)
> - Friendlier post-setup page (#3318)
> - Show skipped hooks for failed action run (#3359)
> - Import from UI (#3352) 
> - Additional documentation for user management (#3320)
> 
> Bug fixes:
> - UI enable row revert action when possible (#3291)
>   - Fixes bug #3161 - Bug: revert path shows up when comparing refs
> - Force catalog ID in metastore client config to be a string (#3252)
>   - Fixes bug #2996 - Glue catalog_id parsed as int
> - Fix: login redirects to credentials page (#3319)
> - UI: fix create repo focus on name (#3342)
>   - Fixes bug #3343 - UI create repository focus
> - Fixed link to authentication page vs authorization page (#3337)
> - UI api encode URI component for path parameters (#3290)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Import your data into lakeFS using the UI! (#3233, #3352)
- Airflow hook wait for DAG completion (#3231)
- Friendlier post-setup page (#3318)
- Show skipped hooks for failed action run (#3359)

Bug fixes:
- Fixed: Revert path shows up when comparing refs (#3291)
- Fixed: Glue catalog_id parsed as int (#3252)
- Fixed: login redirects to credentials page (#3319)
- Fixed: UI create repository not focused on name field (#3342)
- Fixed link to authentication page vs authorization page (#3337)
- Fixed: Some URI parameters were not encoded (#3290)
```

Author: Thanks for the edit :pray:
